docs: clarify use cases for `pg_basebackup` bootstrap (#5720)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/bootstrap.md

or a standby PostgreSQL server. It’s crucial to thoroughly review the
requirements section below, as the pros and cons of PostgreSQL physical
replication fully apply.

The primary use cases for this method include:

- Reporting and business intelligence clusters that need to be regenerated
  periodically (daily, weekly)
- Test databases containing live data that require periodic regeneration
  (daily, weekly, monthly) and anonymization
- Rapid spin-up of a standalone replica cluster
- Physical migrations of CloudNativePG clusters to different namespaces or
  Kubernetes clusters

!!! Important
    Avoid using this method, based on physical replication, to migrate an
    existing PostgreSQL cluster outside of Kubernetes into CloudNativePG unless you
    are completely certain that all requirements are met and the operation has been
    thoroughly tested. The CloudNativePG community does not endorse this approach
    for such use cases and recommends using logical import instead. It is
    exceedingly rare that all requirements for physical replication are met in a
    way that seamlessly works with CloudNativePG.

!!! Warning

>     The current implementation creates a *snapshot* of the source PostgreSQL
>     instance when the cloning process finishes, and immediately starts the new
>     cluster. Refer to ["Current limitations"](#current-limitations) for more

Reviewer: I got a bit confused reading this paragraph.
I parsed it initially as "when the cloning process finishes, we create a snapshot of the source".

```suggestion
    In its current implementation, this method clones the source PostgreSQL
    instance, thereby creating a *snapshot*. Once the cloning process has finished,
    the new cluster is immediately started. Refer to ["Current limitations"](#current-limitations) for more
```
